# SIM-GSM
These libraries are for SIM800 and SIM900 GSM modules.

Statement of Purpose

“ Learned a little, a lot more to learn.  Researched a little, a lot more to research ” 

The above line certainly doesn’t belong to any famous person. I’ve written them myself, it keeps reminding me there’s a lot more to come on the way just keep going till the goal arise. I believe that research is mandatory for people who want to explore the wide undiscovered knowledge of their field of study and with proper nurturing one can transform a fascination into an excellent student and a professional in future. I find robotics to be the perfect mixture of hardware and software. The interaction between a processor manipulating data from a variety of sensors to control a system is incredibly fascinating to me. The areas of aerial robotics, mobile robotics and prosthetics are particularly interesting, not only because the engineering aspect of the research is challenging and intriguing, but also because the outcome of the research has the potential to change the lives. I have always felt a strong need to use my knowledge and skills to help others and to make contributions to society that improve the quality of life for everyone.

The rise of robotic passion instilled in me when I was in class 10. Making myself firm on it during class 10+2 I opted for science stream (Physics, Mathematics, Computer, and Chemistry), went for Bachelors of Technology in Mechatronics Engineering for my undergraduate. On my transcript the first 4 semesters might reflect I do not belong to “well in class” but during the same period I was selected as Jr. Robot Programmer for the international robotics event ROBOCON and I certainly did well in it. Very soon realizing the importance of academics, I started performing well and now my GPA is rising every semester. Later I was funded many times by my home university for the development of various mechatronics projects and robotic systems. By my 7th semester, I already had worked on many projects at university labs and students run organizations. Programming microcontrollers, electronics hardware development, sensors, mathematical modeling, actuators, MATLAB and ROS were the gateway to the real world of robotics for me as I started learning complex robotic systems.

I have been in touch with my home university alumnus ‘Jaineel Dalal’ who pursued MSRD at CMU-RI, he strongly recommends me to prepare myself for CMU Robotics Institute as he was too fascinated by educational atmosphere and research there, many times we discussed the research, capstone projects at robotics institute and few software skills which are beneficiary to learn as they are implemented at lot in robotics research. Therefore I started with ROS (Robot Operating System) on my own, as guidance for ROS is not available at my home university. 

In February 2018, my NRI (Non-Resident Indian) investor Mr. Patel who lives in Port Matilda, PA handed over me a research project of “Developing casino gaming machines”. I started research for its hardware first, Designed gaming patterns then I hired Unity developers and graphics experts to convert the idea into reality and meanwhile, I went countries like China, Hong Kong, and Macau to buy the hardware I researched on and to understand the market. I summed up everything and now I and my team are very near to start the manufacturing of gaming machines which will be soon exported to the US. I serve as visiting technical officer at this company “Samaj Infotech” where we make gaming machines. When I was handed over this project I had no previous research on it. Just that I am good at electronics hardware and software programming I said yes for the project which shows fruitful outputs now. All I thought that time was “If somebody offers you an amazing opportunity but you are not sure you can do it, say yes-then learn how to do it later” which is the quote by Sir Richard Branson.
I am currently working at Innovation Dept. of Team Shatashva which competes in SAE BAJA organized by the University of South Carolina. My role is to conduct vibrational analysis, Integrate electronic systems like GPS in the ATV. Apart from this currently I am working on Kinect, Microsoft HoloLens for projects like IoT with HoloLens under which buttons are displayed in Augmented Reality, Electric Appliances can be energized by clicking AR Buttons which ultimately power solid state relays. Many times I have faced the situation in which I want to accelerate my research but I lag because of expensive hardware which labs at my home university couldn’t afford. But at Summer Scholars where labs with state of art hardware participate and guides with extensive knowledge of it will help many students like me to deep dive in research. 

By May 2019 after completion of my undergraduate, I wish to join CMU-RI for MSRD. In fact, I have been preparing myself for MSRD by encouraging guidance of my alumnus since my sophomore year. But before MSRD I find RISS the best program to advance my knowledge in robotics which Robotics Institute Summer Scholars can furnish. Applying robotics and my business skills I want to enhance my startup in robotics. I currently provide automation solutions and consultancy but I am confident to do better at it by gaining knowledge from RISS. I envision your university as the right stepping stone to pursue my dreams and achieve my career goals. I am confident that I’ll be able to meet the standards of the University. I am eagerly waiting for this opportunity and I fully understand the kind of dedication, perseverance, and resolve this research program calls for; I believe that I have the ability and determination to treat on this exciting path. The ultimate goal of my career is to conduct research that makes an impact on society and improves the quality of life for other individuals. Increasing the quality of life for people has always been important to me and I strive to make a difference by using my knowledge. I might stand a little back at few skills from Admission Committee’s point of view but if given a chance I ensure to learn it, improve over it and impart the knowledge I gained to every individual who needs guidance over struggling path of robotics and stand true on Robotics Institute’s expectations.

In conclusion, I do hope that I’ll be given a fair chance to realize my objectives by being granted as a Summer Research Scholar. I am looking forward to a long and mutually beneficial relationship with the University.
